MTM-49255 adding more infos about cli, fixing issue with micro frontends (#694)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/web/microfrontends.md

---
weight: 50

> title: "Micro frontends"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Micro frontends
```

layout: bundle
---

> As applications complexity increases, frontends are getting more and more complex. The same applies to Cumulocity frontends. Therefore Cumulocity is build on top of a micro frontend architecture. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As applications complexity increases, frontends are also getting more and more complex. {{< product-c8y-iot >}} is built on top of a micro frontend architecture. 
```
I removed the "therefore" for now - but i'm not quite sure what the connection between the two sentences is supposed to be. why is increasing complexity a reason for us to build Cumulocity IoT on top of a micro frontend architecture?

Reviewer: what about this comment? @janhommes

Reviewer: what about my question though? :)

Author: yes, tried to rephrase it:
``` 
As applications complexity increases, frontends are also getting more and more complex. Micro frontend architectures, like microservice architectures, try to reduce the complexity by defining smaller and loosely coupled components that can be deployed individually. {{< product-c8y-iot >}} is built on top of a micro frontend architecture.
``` 

I tried to explain it... not sure if this is enough ;)
